docs/src/markets-stock-prices.md, before:

---
jupytext:
  text_representation:
    extension: .md
    format_name: myst
    format_version: '0.8'
    jupytext_version: '1.4.1'
kernelspec:
  display_name: Python 3
  language: python
  name: python3
---
```{include} _templates/nav.html
```

# Fetching stock prices

```{code-cell}
:tags: [hide-cell]
import refinitiv.data as rd

rd.open_session()
```

You can use the [Refinitiv Data Library for Python](https://pypi.org/project/refinitiv-data/) to retrieve the latest stock prices for a single company by passing its [Refinitiv Instrument Code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Refinitiv_Identification_Code) to the `get_data` function.

```python
rd.get_data("TRI.TO")
```

```{note}
This query requires that you account have access to real-time trading data, which is not available to all users.
```

## Historical data

You can retrieve historical stock prices by passing a Refinitiv Instrument Code to the `get_history` function. By default it returns the closing price for the last 30 days.

```{code-cell}
rd.get_history('TRI.N')
```

## Multiple instruments

You can retrieve data for multiple instruments by passing a list of Refinitiv Instrument Codes to the `get_data` and `get_history` functions.

```{code-cell}
rd.get_history(['TRI.N', 'LSEG.L'])
```

```{code-cell}
:tags: [hide-cell]
rd.close_session()
```

Commit message:

Add get_history with 1 minute intervals to get the latest prices if you don't have get_data

docs/src/markets-stock-prices.md, after:

---
jupytext:
  text_representation:
    extension: .md
    format_name: myst
    format_version: '0.8'
    jupytext_version: '1.4.1'
kernelspec:
  display_name: Python 3
  language: python
  name: python3
---
```{include} _templates/nav.html
```

# Fetching stock prices

```{code-cell}
:tags: [hide-cell]
import refinitiv.data as rd

rd.open_session()
```

You can use the [Refinitiv Data Library for Python](https://pypi.org/project/refinitiv-data/) to retrieve the latest stock prices for a single company by passing its [Refinitiv Instrument Code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Refinitiv_Identification_Code) to the `get_data` function.

```python
rd.get_data("TRI.TO")
```

The `get_data` query requires that you account have access to real-time trading data, which is not available to all users. If you don't, you can request the latest `"1min"` intervals from the `get_history` method.

```{code-cell}
rd.get_history(
    "TRI.TO",
    interval="1min",
).tail(1)
```

## Historical data

You can retrieve historical stock prices by passing a Refinitiv Instrument Code to the `get_history` function. By default it returns the closing price for the last 30 days.

```{code-cell}
rd.get_history('TRI.N')
```

## Multiple instruments

You can retrieve data for multiple instruments by passing a list of Refinitiv Instrument Codes to the `get_data` and `get_history` functions.

```{code-cell}
rd.get_history(['TRI.N', 'LSEG.L'])
```

```{code-cell}
:tags: [hide-cell]
rd.close_session()
```
